Create thread_safety.md (#70)
cddlib/cddlib: news/thread_safety.md

**Fixed:**

> * cddlib is now thread-safe. It used `_Thread_local` directives, as specified in C11 standard of C language. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* cddlib is now thread-safe. We use `_Thread_local` directives in the implementation, as provided by the C11 standard of the C language. 
```

Doesn't really matter but I stumbled a bit while reading this.
